How is this possible?
Miss Li, you see your status is so noble
How could you possibly like a courier?
This must be a mistake
Miss Ye, Shen Yan was selected for me by my grandfather
Maybe it's not your turn to say
But you are here to cheat on Li Yang
Occupy the line of retainers
inferior
Come
They kicked me out
Miss, you can't do that
There are still voices between us
Miss Wang Laiyi
Who was making a fuss at my Ye family's birthday banquet?
This is a big lady, Ye Wanting
How dare you!
Today is my father's birthday party
You bring such an obscene thing
I'm afraid that's a little inappropriate.
Ye Wanchu, don't go too far
Do you think you have the final say in the Ye family?
Ye Wanting
You'd better not play any tricks with me
Go and marry Young Master Qin obediently
Is that so?
It's good for you and my Ye family
I kind of get it.
It turned out to be Magnum Magnum Qiurong
Unbridled you country dog
Is this your place to speak?
And you.
Ye Wenting follow me
The Qin family will also come to participate in the fruit in a while
You better give me a good performance
This is your sister.
This is the gift I chose for you.
You will hand him over to your father in a while
It's expensive.
I don't lose face
Well, it doesn't need to be so troublesome.
I prepared it myself
I don't know you yet.
How much do you make?
The gift you choose won't fall into their eyes either.
Then I'll go in first.